n in this region we will try to reveal
back access cover will open
battery ounce lockup Kiev map
memory opens very easily but between
other lifts
and no Tajik cards then
something is not observed a thousand
normal climate hide that like
snarl this plastic
and somewhere under authority
the only thing that strained and that's it
location
She is a memory card But in this way
opens
and here
I am very comfortable
accounted for like this here we are
will see
contacts which are in masalls here
is that is theoretically
odds from theoretical
of course
what we like here like them so here in it
ao memory card
maybe even those who are on cam over there like us
we put and theoretically we can
pop music all the contacts so how
it doesn’t really seem to me right
was done
that is why it is taking shape and
shut up i really enjoyed it
camera module huge komolli ator
important is to take into account 400 grams
then we have 3 7 fields, then 1500 million
first minutes a hefty kabule
author of course
and so here is taken here he
big fan
here
here we should recognize more often
tc sticker with sms
certified
and then he has his own un all card
iso standard is issued
what is growth inside non-standard
way power
so the pass did not add up
Tatarstan
the one who is used I close the line
plus there is nothing he does not crack and does not creak
the assembly is very, very good